0.  Supported Colors by Format:
        BMP:    supports up to 4,294,967,296 colors in 32bpp format
        GIF:    supports 256 colors
        JPEG:   supports ~16.7 million colors
        PNG:    supports 24-bit RGB (16.7 million colors) or 32-bit RGBA colors (over 1 billion colors)
        
1.  GIF supports animation

2.  Lossy Compression: compresses data by discarding some of it.
    Lossles Compression: compresses the data in such a way that the uncompressed data can be
                         perfectly reconstructed from the compressed data.
                         
3.  Lossy-compressed formats:
        JPEG
        
4.  When a file is deleted on a FAT file system, the system modifies the filename's first character
    in the file's directory entry to signal that the file has been deleted and the directory entry
    can be recycled; then, the system moves all the file's FAT clusters to the hard drive's list of
    free clusters.
    
5.  Download a free tool that sanitizes the disk using an appropriate method, such as Guttman's
    erase patterns.  An example of such a tool (for Linux) is Wipe: http://wipe.sourceforge.net
    
6.  stdint.h is a header file that uses macros to provide a set of typedefs that 
    specify exact-width integer types, along with defined min and max allowable values
    for each type.
    
7.  You would use those types to verify that a particular integer is the exact bit-width
    specified in the type: i.e., uint32_t == an unsigned integer that is exactly 32 bits.
    
8.  BYTE:   1 byte
    DWORD:  4 bytes
    LONG:   4 bytes
    WORD:   2 bytes

9.  Magic number of BMP: 42 4D

10. bfSize is the size, in bytes of the bitmap file
    biSize is the number of bytes required by a structure, i.e., the BITMAPINFOHEADER.
    
11. If biHeight is negative, biCompression must be either BI_RGB or BI_BITFIELDS.
    It also indicates that the DIB is top-down, and top-down DIBs cannot be compressed.
    
12. biBitCount specifies the bits-per-pixel.

13. if, for some reason, outputr fails to be created.

14. Because we only want fread to read 1 file.

15. padding = 1
    
16. fseek() sets the file position data for the given stream, i.e., lets you tell C
    where in the file it should start looking.
    
17. SEEK_CUR seeks from the current location

18. Milo Banana dun it
